exercise-1/README.md, before:

# Exercise-1

The purpose of this exercise is to practice the steps you'll need to
use in future exercises. We'll begin by configuring your GitHub
account for your machine (which you'll only need to do once), and then
move through the steps of working with Git and GitHub (which will soon
become second nature).

1. If you haven't already, configure your name and email address for
your GitHub account using the terminal.  See [Installation &
Setup](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#installation-setup). 

2. Fork this repository (`ch4-git-basics`) to your own GitHub account
by clicking the `fork` button on the GitHub interface.  See [Forking
and
Cloning](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#forking-and-cloning).

3. Using your terminal, clone **your forked repository** to your
machine (make sure you're in the desired directory on your terminal)

4. On your machine, open up this file (`exercise-1/README.md`) in a
text editor of your choice.  RStudio is good, Atom is good, there are
many good editors for markdown.

5. In the `README.md` file, make an ordered list of what you ate for
breakfast today

6. Using your terminal, add and commit the changes you've made to your
   repository.  See [Making
   Changes](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#making-changes). 

7. Push changes up to GitHub.  See [Pushing and
   Pulling](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#pushing-and-pulling).

Commit message:

Added what I ate for breakfast

exercise-1/README.md, after:

# Exercise-1

What I had for breakfast: 
  1. A toasted bagel with avacado, arugula, and seasoning

The purpose of this exercise is to practice the steps you'll need to
use in future exercises. We'll begin by configuring your GitHub
account for your machine (which you'll only need to do once), and then
move through the steps of working with Git and GitHub (which will soon
become second nature).

1. If you haven't already, configure your name and email address for
your GitHub account using the terminal.  See [Installation &
Setup](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#installation-setup). 

2. Fork this repository (`ch4-git-basics`) to your own GitHub account
by clicking the `fork` button on the GitHub interface.  See [Forking
and
Cloning](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#forking-and-cloning).

3. Using your terminal, clone **your forked repository** to your
machine (make sure you're in the desired directory on your terminal)

4. On your machine, open up this file (`exercise-1/README.md`) in a
text editor of your choice.  RStudio is good, Atom is good, there are
many good editors for markdown.

5. In the `README.md` file, make an ordered list of what you ate for
breakfast today

6. Using your terminal, add and commit the changes you've made to your
   repository.  See [Making
   Changes](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#making-changes). 

7. Push changes up to GitHub.  See [Pushing and
   Pulling](https://faculty.washington.edu/otoomet/info201-book/git-basics.html#pushing-and-pulling).
